
                            Version History

An Apple //e version of Timewave Zero was written by Peter Meyer
during 1986-1987 and was published in 1987 by Lux Natura.

This MS-DOS version of Timewave Zero was written by the same author in
1989 and was published by Lux Natura in that year.

In Version 3.27 a couple of minor bugs were fixed and an eleventh
screen was added.

Version 3.28 fixed a keyboard problem involving an incompatibility
with the ROM BIOS in older PC XT's.

In 1991 the software was revised and published by Dolphin Software.
as Version 4.00.  A few minor display bugs were fixed.  When printing
resonance points it became possible to suppress the printing of yao
resonance points and print only the major and trigrammatic resonance
points.  When graphing resonance points it became possible to graph,
in addition to the major resonance points, the trigrammatic resonance
points.

Version 4.02 allowed use of a math coprocessor; two versions of the
main program were introduced, TWZERO87.EXE for use with computers with
a math coprocessor and TWZERO.EXE for use with those without.

Version 4.04 corrected a problem with the extended AT keyboard.
Previous versions of the software responded only to one of the two
sets of Home, End and arrow keys.

Version 4.05 corrected three bugs:  (1) The addition of a large number
of days to a target date previously had produced an incorrect result.
(2) Repeated redisplay of the graph in zoom mode previously sometimes
ate pixels on the horizontal axis.  (3) Recession to the limit of the
timespan (a little over 7,000,000,000 years) previously sometimes
produced an endlessly repeated display of the final graph.

Version 4.08 corrected a bug in the addition of days to the zero date.

Version 4.09 allowed selection of the Quit option by pressing the
Escape key.

Version 4.10 incorporated the construction in the eleven screens of a
set of eleven trigrammatic resonance points from the target date of
the current screen.

Version 4.11 fixed a small bug which appeared when printing wave values
after calculating a major resonance.

Version 4.12 allowed writing the wave values to a file on disk as well
as to the printer.

Version 4.20 allowed modification of the wave factor during program
execution, and also allows each screen to have its own wave factor.
This version also allowed specification of a "confirmation" flag in
the TWZ.CFG file.  Screen sets saved with versions prior to 4.20
cannot be read by Version 4.20 or later and vice versa.

Version 4.21 allowed specification of the target date as the zero date
by entering "0" at the month prompt.  The startup batch files were
changed.  The TW_EN.EXE program was modified.

Version 4.22 corrected a bug in the display of x-axis labels when the
display of a higher major resonance resulted in the right end of the
x-axis corresponding to a point in time after the zero point.

Version 4.22 is the final version of the MS-DOS Timewave Zero published
by Dolphin Software.  Four years and three months after work on this
software first began it was completed on April 19, 1993, the 50th
anniversary of the first LSD trip (by Albert Hofmann).

